Doc: update cli.md (#425)
trilitech/jstz: docs/cli.md

> 

Reviewer: bridge deposit also has --network flag

> - `--balance (-b) <BALANCE>`: Specifies the initial balance for the function.

Reviewer: we don't have self-address and function code anymore, but do have --name.

> $ >> exit

Reviewer: repl has --account instead of --help

```

:::

## Logs

> Explore logs from deployed smart functions. The full output of the log can also be checked from the logs/kernel.log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore logs from deployed smart functions. The full output of a smart function can also be checked with --trace flag when running it.
```

### Usage:

```bash
jstz logs trace [OPTIONS] <ALIAS|ADDRESS>
```

### Arguments:

- `<ALIAS|ADDRESS>`: The function's address or alias.

### Options:

- `--level (-l) <level>`: Specifies the level of log. Default is `log`.

- `--network (-n) <NETWORK>`: Specifies the network from the config file. Use `dev` for the local sandbox.

### Example

```bash
$ export logging=tz1VEJLogF4PArzDq6pvWDhw8WjTMgCwsB93 # Address of the previously deployed smart function examples/logs.js

> $ cargo run -- logs trace "${logging}"

Reviewer: Is it possible to have an example with a function alias? I would rather avoid asking to do the exports as they are not needed anymore with aliases.
